so I'm just going to prepare a really
popular salad that's um a Mediterranean
salad one we had fairly often at home
this one is tabouli and don't forget
subscribe underneath and leave a comment
I'd love to hear your thoughts on it
what we have here is all the ingredients
we need for tabbouleh firstly the board
up on wheat it's this is a fine bottle
whole wheat and she could get the dark
brown or the library and it doesn't
really matter we have salt and pepper
we'll need some spring onions or
scallions they are fine to use or if you
don't have those you could use half a
brand onion
we've got Tomatoes we might use two or
perhaps three of those will see these
aroma Tomatoes it doesn't matter again
what kind of tomatoes but the red ones
are good if you've got heirloom tomatoes
that would be fine it really doesn't
matter we've got some lemons for lemon
juice parsley which we'll need big bunch
of and some extra virgin olive oil a
good olive oil is ideal because you'll
taste it in this it's it's part of the
the flavors of the dish alright so
that's all we need and now we can get
started so I've just got a bowl here to
prepare the border well we're just going
to put it in a bowl that is one cup and
that we're going to add two cups of
boiling water
you don't really have to do anything to
this now just leave that to sit for I
don't know at least 30 minutes possibly
an hour whenever if you get it done
earlier in the day that's fine if you
have any water after it's all absorbed
if it's still got a little bit then you
can just squeeze any excess our ship so
this is what it looks like when it's all
when it's absorbed all that's water
the grains are all soft and there's no
extra moisture in there as you can see
can be very light now and fluffy so now
we're ready to add all these salad items
together and completely the tabbouleh so
I'm just going to add the bottom whole
wheat to the bowl you can see how that's
really fluffy now and to that we're
going to add the parsley now the parsley
as you can see a flat leaf parsley you
might know it as Italian parsley or
continental parsley it's it's got a
lovely really sort of strong flavor and
that's what we use at home and that's
what my parents still grow mountains of
so that needs quite a lot of parsley
that's fine it's sort of roughly chopped
actually we're going to add the onion
and the chopped tomatoes now they just
finely chopped nothing too fancy and
we'll add the salt and pepper the olive
oil
and the lemon juice now one that was the
whole lemon squeezed I'm not going to
add it all just yet I'm just going to
give that a toss like that give it a
taste and then add either oil or lemon
or salt as it needs it to taste but
really that's the basis of tabbouleh
it's very simple
very nutritious and lovely and
refreshing so I hope you give that one a
go too so here's our lovely refreshing -
Pauly's salad great for barbecues easy
to do and I hope you enjoy